Regex support with `columns_regex` and `names_regex` for `fetch_runs_df` (#20)
neptune-ai/neptune-fetcher: README.md

__Parameters__:

| Name            | Type                                          | Default             | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------|---------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `columns`       | `List[str]`, optional                         | `None`              | Names of columns to include in the table, as a list of field names. The Neptune ID (`"sys/id"`) is included automatically. If `None`, all the columns of the experiments table are included.                                                                                           |

> | `columns_regex` | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | A regex pattern to filter the columns by name in addition to `columns`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: Just to make this a bit more explicit

```suggestion
| `columns_regex` | `str`, optional                               | `None`              | A regex pattern to filter columns by name. Use this parameter to include columns in addition to the ones specified by the `columns` parameter. |
```

	columns=["sys/name", "sys/modification_time", "training/lr"],
)

> # Fetch all runs with specific columns and matching a regex pattern

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Fetch all runs with specific columns and extra columns that match a regex pattern
```
